---
title: Be pround of being yourself
date: 2017-01-18 15:44:02
categories:
  	- Speech
tags:
	- English
---

Hello. everyone. I'm Thomas. Because this is my C1 speech so I'm gonna tell something about me. But I don't want to name the speech as Self Introduction. Because it sounds so boring. I'd like to name my speech as Be pround of being yourself. 

I was borned in 1989, on a very beautiful day in September. And like most of others, I'm the only child in my family. Because of that, it's kind of boring during my childhood. Parnents are always busy at work, so I had to go to school by myself,come back too, eatting alone. Of course sometimes I played with other children from the neighbour. But still it's different from having a sibling. So at that time I decided when I have a family in the future, I'm gonna have at least two children. :)

<!-- more -->

Finally my parnets realized I was too bored at home, so they bought me a computer when I was 10. The computer was so big at that time. After I got it, I literally spent all my time playing video games on it. Because my parents blocked the internet. So the only purpose for that computer was to play video games with. There is one video game I can play thousand and thousand of times, without getting tired of it and never will be. it was called Grand Theft Auto aka GTA. I think it's the best game in the world. Nothing else!!!! Period. You can do anything in that game or kill anybody, good ones or bad ones. You can choose which kind of life you want to live. A normal life like a taxi driver, resturant owner, farmer. You can also choose to be a hero like a polic officer, catching bad guys or you can be the bad man, like gangster or drug dealer, strip club owner. :)))))  Whoever you want to be, just like in the real life. I spent soooooo much time playing that game. But thanks to that, I found out what I want to do when I grow up. A game maker. I want to build the best game in the world. So I studied soooooo hard to play more and more video games. :) Because I think if I want to be a very good game maker I should be a good player first. Then I signed up as a computer Science major in college. And that's why I'm here. 

I can still remembered the first day I got to the college, I was so excited. Dragging my baggage all along with me, walking through the whole campus. I was thinking finally I'm one big step close to my dream. But the more I knew about computer science, the more I realized that I would never become a game maker. Because a good game requires a good story and very very good design. In fact coding is the less important thing for building a game. So my first dream is gone. But I fall into another thing - hacking. One day I want to do something fun. Maybe it was only me that thought it was funny. I bought my laptop to the classroom. It was a big class. Almost one hundred students took that class. So I used my laptop to setup a wifi signal and pretend it to be a campus wifi. So almost 60% students in that classroom thought my laptop was the campus wifi, they connected it and surfed the internet. Because they connected to my laptop, so all the traffic went to my laptop first before going onto the internet. So I literally can watch everything on their smartphone and laptop.  Like their renren's account and password.  Renren was a very popular social network back then, now it's just a piece of shit! Nobody use that. But in the end the campus noticed that and caught me, they event told my parnets about that. Anyway it's still a good experience. Because of that, I changed my dream to be a hacker. 

Time flies. After four years good time of playing, learning, hacking and clubbing. :) The graduation seasion came. Like everyone else, I faced the same question, what I'm gonna do after graduation. Should I go back to hometown, find a decent job like my parnets wanted? Or just stay here. or maybe somewhere else. I was so confused that time. Luckly for me, I met my very good friend, Miki. He is a Japanese, running a Japanese resturant close to Shuma square. He's almost 60 years old. But we can talk about anything just like friends. Food, culture, religion and woman. He went to almost 20 countries in the world. Africa, Middle east, Dubai and so on. I like talking with him because I want him to tell me some funny stories that ever happened to him. I was so amazed by his experience. his attitude about life. Because of him, I didn't go back to my hometown, I went to South Korea instead. Worked and studied korean over there. I tried to talk with a stranger everyday over there. because first, I want to practise my korean, and second I want to know their lives. Maybe I can find something fun in their stories. But most of time, I learned something from their stories. That's another long story, maybe I will tell you about them in my next speech. 

Talking to different people really changed me a lot. Knowing them and listening to their stories makes me feel that life and the world is so wonderful. Everyong has different and amazing life. You don't need to be someone else. You just need to be yourself. And that's enough. Your friends are getting married. so What! Your old classmate got promoted, so what! You have something other people will never gonna have. I changed my dream so many times. so what! There's no rules saying you can only have one dream in your entire life. So just be yourself. Bill Nye from the big bang theory said "Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't". And I put it in this way. "Everybod is an expert in somethings". So go outside, knowing new people, and also let them know your story. Keep your mind open, and be ready to be amazed. What's more! Be pround of being yourself.